Mission 1 – Midnight Snack: The raccoon sneaks into a quiet suburban backyard at night to score a tasty treat. It hides in the shadows behind bushes or under a table to avoid the family cat and the sleeping homeowner. Objectives include dragging a chair or knick-knack to climb onto the patio table, then stealthily grabbing a piece of chicken or a dessert. The raccoon causes a small commotion by knocking over a glass or flower pot as it flees with its stolen snack, learning to hide and pick up items.
Mission 2 – Trash Can Chaos: Under cover of darkness, the raccoon raids the neighborhood’s garbage bins for dinner. It tips over multiple trash cans by dragging them aside or pulling on the lids, then digs through bags to find tasty scraps like pizza crusts or fish bones. To avoid detection by a curious dog or an early-rising neighbor, the raccoon hides behind fences or scatters litter to distract them. After gathering its haul, the raccoon ducks into a dark corner or dumpster to eat the spoils, practicing dragging objects, digging, and quick escapes.
Mission 3 – Garden Gnome Mayhem: In broad daylight, the raccoon targets a meticulously tended neighbor’s vegetable garden. It uses its digging ability to unearth carrots and potatoes, quickly snacking on the juiciest vegetables. The raccoon creatively distracts the gardener – for example, by rolling a tennis ball across the yard or knocking over a small wind chime – while it hides nearby to continue its mischief. It also drags away decorative items like a garden gnome or watering can, and even buries one of the gardener’s shoes in a flowerbed, combining digging, dragging, and hiding to escalate the chaos.
Mission 4 – Backyard Barbecue Brouhaha: During a big afternoon cookout with plenty of food and guests, the raccoon sees opportunity for havoc. It sneaks among umbrellas and picnic tables, hiding under chairs to avoid a playful dog or an oncoming adult. Its goals are to distract the grill master (for example, by tangling a garden hose at his feet or releasing bees near the grill) and then snatch hot dogs or burgers from the grill and picnic table. Using its dragging ability, it may pull over a cooler or tip a bowl of potato salad to create a diversion, then dash away to eat its stolen feast. This mission shows the raccoon planning multi-step pranks in a crowded yard.
Mission 5 – Poolside Pranksters: During a sunny backyard pool party, the raccoon plots a splash of trouble. It sneaks around pool floats and umbrellas, hiding in shady corners to stay out of sight. Objectives include snatching an unattended sandwich or drink (perhaps by dropping a tennis ball to distract a lifeguard or tugging on a towel to startle a sunbather). The raccoon might also drag inflatable pool toys into the water or fling a string of sausages into the pool to cause a commotion. This mission combines stealthy theft with playful pranks as swimmers and partygoers react to unexpected disturbances.
Mission 6 – Heist at the House: Late at night, the raccoon carefully scales a suburban home to reach the kitchen window. It disables a basic alarm (for example, by knocking a bucket of water onto a sensor or turning on a radio to draw the homeowner away) before slipping inside. Once indoors, the raccoon sneaks through dark rooms – hiding under beds or behind curtains – to find valuables like a cookie jar, a pet treat container, or loose change. It cleverly drags a chair to reach high shelves, grabs a handful of snacks and a small shiny trinket, then must escape without waking anyone. This stealth mission uses hiding spots, distraction, and item-picking in a closed environment.
Mission 7 – Garage Ransack Rampage: At dawn the raccoon raids a neighbor’s garage for more chaos. It digs through an old plant pot to find worms (eating a few), then drags tools and paint cans around to make a loud mess. The main objective is to steal the car keys hanging by the door (perhaps by cleverly using a stolen glove to leave no fingerprints) or attach a smelly fish to the family sedan’s bumper. The raccoon must avoid the returning homeowner – hiding on top of shelves or jumping into a laundry basket when someone comes outside. By spilling oil, knocking over toolboxes, and dragging heavy objects, this mission amps up destruction and quick-hiding tactics.
Mission 8 – Festival Fiasco Finale: The final mission takes place during a big neighborhood block party or holiday festival. The raccoon unleashes its ultimate mischief, combining all it has learned. It might release animals (dragging open a pen to let chickens or goats roam free) or trigger fireworks prematurely. To distract the crowd, it steals the DJ’s headphones or dons a party hat and dances on a table. Hiding in shadows or behind booths (even digging up the DJ’s microphone cable to short the sound system), the raccoon spills drinks, upends tables, and steals prizes. This grand finale uses every trick – hiding, dragging large objects, picking up food and trophies, digging holes – to ensure suburban chaos reaches its peak before our hero scurries away triumphantly.

C:\Users\alexi\Documents\unity\Untitled-Raccoon-Game-main\Library\PackageCache\com.unity.render-pipelines.universal@506b3deb0041\Runtime\Passes\ScriptableRenderPass.cs
public virtual void RecordRenderGraph(RenderGraph renderGraph, ContextContainer frameData)
{
	Debug.LogWarning("The render pass " + this.ToString() + " does not have an implementation of the RecordRenderGraph method. Please implement this method, or consider turning on Compatibility Mode (RenderGraph disabled) in the menu Edit > Project Settings > Graphics > URP. Otherwise the render pass will have no effect. For more information, refer to https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-pipelines.universal@latest/index.html?subfolder=/manual/customizing-urp.html.");
}